It's called the problem.
And in Italy, what we have, we have the number of test cases.
Fine food and money.
Fine food and money paid.
So, yeah, let's take the number of excuses.
Why do you minus my nurse?
If of course we are making a recursive function.
So let's stick and be as global variable.
Let's take them as global variables because we'll be needing them.
Of course you can also pass them, but it's good taking global values if you can.
If you solve the same problem, it could mean you'd go.
What happens is generally they will not.
They will just give you a function to go in with the passing, the board, the strings.
And that gives you have to pass this things by reference.
Don't pass this thing as a copy because it will take a lot of time.
If it copies it a lot of time, you can pass it better print.
What we can do is.
Again can solve this problem.
Only two days later in the next video we can solve this problem.
It could also by.
But this is a problem approach.
We can already using a bottom up approach will integrate both of them will work it out and.
We'll cover both of them.
So let's say interoperability, trade and it.
Is an air intake on my in Taji.
Those are states.
He'll be out.
At a distance.
Initially starting from zero zero.
But what are they?
Whatever the case is, if I go straight or size, then simply.
The first case was if both are pointing to empty string in this case, both are pointing to the empty
strings.
That means assembly be zero because it's the final base case equals to be space.
If I equals to Edwards size, then I will simply return whatever B's sizes minus.
And similarly, if there was to be large size, then I'll simply trim whatever it or sizes minus.
I hope these are very clear, the base cases.
Now, if we are moving ahead from these space based cases, it simply means that it is less than a takes.
And there is less than three doses.
That means I can.
Meaning this if casework rate, which is if EIA is not equal to beat, that means because there are
both the characters.
We can always have this check.
If it is not equal to BD, then it's the answer is true.
And.
Okay.
I would take the minimum rate.
Let's let's say do some answer and answer.
Is a minimum of the district that we have done.
I.
Plus one committee.
Okay.
So here you can see that we have plus one in front of all the states.
Eight plus one plus one plus one.
So I'm taking this plus one outside, which I'm good at just seven plus minimum of D be this my DP I
got my G plus one gamma e i pleasant comedy plus one.
Eight because we are performing some operations here.
They're taking that out.
This minimum will not work, so I'll just have to raise it for November.
And finally, the other one is on Saturday.
It goes to the EPA plus one comment because both the characters are saying they don't need any operations
to match.
Eight.
It's built this.
Spirited.
It appeared to be.
But it's not.
Embedded.
I have this habit of people.
So we have got 40 people.
So at a distance of these things is for others only one thing that is left.
It is memorization.
How many states are there?
I NJ.
I was still in Vegas in memory.
Let me quickly check what the length of the string.
The end of the string won't exceed 2000.
Very good.
It's a memorization.
2000.
Very simple.
Eight oh.
After the base.
His legacy memo I read in article two minus one.
Written memo.
I.
And.
It.
And before calling it Memo said Memo.
Will it be built again?
Well, I think it's a working solution.
And you can see it was so easy.
It just that you need to worry about how are these states coming Wednesday plus one, Wednesday plus
one, when is both of them late.
So don't get confused that I hear I read in six states.
I have read in six states.
I agree.
But those states.
This is same as this.
And this is serious.
The state.
Well.
So.
Yeah.
We'll solve various good string problems.
In the next.